Our last test ended with us finishing our test on this page where we can
see the search results of the keys that were entered.
I'm going to go ahead and modify our script to make it a little more advanced
where we get this images link and click on it and look at the first image
that's associated with it or verify that it is there.
Let's go ahead and switch back over to our IDE and modify our test to grab this.
I'm going to make our page full screen here for a
minute just to add this text in.
Let's give ourselves some whitespace at the bottom of our current test.
I'm going to grab another WebElement.
So I'm going to say WebElement, and it's the imagesLink, and
we're going to say driver.findElements.
Now, remember the driver is going to be referenced
from where your current location is.
So you have to build upon it step by step. We want to grab our next element by
linkText, and the linkText is going to be images. And that text is
case‑sensitive and exactly how it is spelled on that page.
So once we have that,
let's just go ahead and grab the first one, and it's a zero‑based index.
So we'll say .get(0). And then that images link, let's click it.
Let's save that.
I'll exit out of full screen.
Let's run that test again and see if it pulls that browser page up
and navigate through to how we just did manually.
And just as we expected,
the test ran and executed and came back with the search results of
the images just like we thought it would do.
It is really interesting to see how you have to build upon those
elements and use that second findElements link to return a WebElement
that you can click on. But you can see how you navigate through those
pages and can search upon various things.
So we've already seen how we grab a field by name and do a partial link
text search or a full link text search, they're identical, and then how we can click the Enter button by sending keys as well.